Previously
on "Devious Maids"...
Your son supported himself
for the last two years
by selling drugs.
Eddie was doing some business
with some trust fund brats.
There was this one kid.
The second Eddie's back was
turned, Flora was all over him.
He's over there.
Remi Delatour?
Phillipe Delatour,
what are you up to?
I wish I had been a better
husband to you. Oh.
Well, just know
you can trust me.
I do trust you.
So I want to introduce you
to someone.
Carmen, I want you
to meet Scott...
My boyfriend.
I saw our reflection
in the glass,
and we looked like
bad people.
Rosie, don't you want
to be with me?
You made a vow
to your wife.
We can't go around
breaking the rules. It's bad.
Taylor and I are going
to have a baby.
Are you going to be okay?
Oh, my God.
Michael! Oh, no.
Somebody get a knife!
Please come back to me.
Please come back to me,
baby.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry for everything.
You listen to me, Howard.
My last movie grossed
over $300 million,
which means I want back end.
Merchandising.
Perks coming out of my ass.
And if you can't
get this for me,
I will find an agent who can!
Do you get what I'm saying?
You moronic squib?!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey.
I just put the baby down.
He's probably still awake
if you want to check on him.
Mrs. Peri?
Where's Spence?
He left for New York this morning.
Oh. Right.
Are you okay?
Oh, Rosie.
Mrs. Peri, what is it?
I was driving home...
And this man just came
out of nowhere.
And I tried to swerve,
but he was right in front of me.
Are you saying
you hit someone?
There was an accident.
- Is he okay?
- I don't know.
What did
the paramedics say?
- Paramedics?
- From the ambulance.
Oh, my God.
You didn't call
an ambulance?
I panicked. I just had
to get out of there.
So you didn't stop
to help him?
I can't afford
a scandal right now!
I'm in negotiations
with Paramount!
Where did this happen?
Mulholland.
Just past Coldwater. Why?
I have to go check on him.
Okay.
Okay, that's good.
But don't tell him
about me.
I won't.
But I will have to
call 9-1-1.
- Rosie?
- Hmm?
What if he's dead?
You better get down
on your knees
and pray to God he's not.
That was not a suggestion.
Devious Maids 1x10- Cleaning out the Closet
- sync and corrections by Zac -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Hey.
What are you still
doing up?
I wanted to show you
something.
What's that?
Dr. Kagan did
an ultrasound today.
And I got to hear
the baby's heartbeat.
Oh, well,
that's wonderful.
I was so excited
to share this with you.
But...
You didn't come home.
I got caught up
in the craziness
at the office. And...
I know you went
to the hospital... again.
Yes. I stopped to see her.
Why do you keep doing that?
Olivia tried to kill herself.
I feel responsible.
It was a perverse grab
for attention.
- Why give it to her?
- She's sick.
She desperately needs
someone to care about her.
I know how she feels.
This is
a temporary situation.
No. There have been
three people in this marriage
from day one.
And if you don't start making
a choice soon, I will.
Marisol?
Please, I need
to talk to somebody.
Marisol?
Why haven't we gone
to the D.A. Yet?
We need a story to tell.
Once upon a time,
Remi Delatour killed Flora.
And when the D.A. asks why?
He got her pregnant.
She was gonna ruin
his life.
Did Remi know
she was pregnant?
If he didn't,
there's no motive.
And without a motive,
the D.A. will laugh us
out of his office.
But if we prove
that Remi knew...
Then we have enough evidence
to challenge the D.A.'s case.
Is it ethical to trick someone
into incriminating themselves?
The first thing they taught us
in law school
was that "ethical" and "legal"
aren't the same thing.
What's your idea?
I'm just saying
I'd rather not be
introduced as your friend.
Why? I mean,
we are friends, aren't we?
No. No, no. We are, uh,
we are boyfriends, A.J.
There is
a very big difference.
Look, I'm
a "macho Latin singer."
If I come out,
my career is over.
So I have to stay
in the closet
while you release
another salsa album?
I just want the people
that you care about
to know how we feel
about each other.
- Carmen?
- I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to eavesdrop.
Oh, what are you doing
up so late?
Odessa's still
in the hospital.
So... look,
there's a lot to do.
Well, I don't want to add
to your load,
but Scott is gonna be
staying with us for a few days.
My duplex
is being painted.
Can you make breakfast for us
in the morning?
Any chance you can
eat breakfast at noon?
Well, all I really
need is some...
Coffee.
Well, that I can handle.
Why don't you go upstairs?
I gotta grab a couple of shirts.
Yeah, sure.
I'll see you
in the morning.
Scott seems nice.
Does he?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Is there a problem?
Well, there won't be
in four days.
Once Scott's duplex is done,
I'm gonna break up with him.
Why?
He's needy, pushy,
and controlling.
And he has lousy taste
in music.
My salsa album was amazing.
Z-zoila!
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry.
I forgot my phone,
and I got calls to make
in the morning.
Do you want me to do that?
No. I think I've got it.
Come on.
It'll take me two seconds.
Do you have someone here?
Oh, my God.
Who is it?
Zoila. Please, tell me you
didn't seduce the plumber again.
You should go.
'Cause you know he
charges for the time.
I'm not entertaining
the plumber.
Who's here?
I don't wish
to discuss this.
Hey, hon?
I changed my mind.
Nix the chardonnay.
Bring up a nice Merlot.
Hey, Zoila.
You're sleeping
with Phillipe?
Yes.
So...
I don't care if you're
having a roll in the hay
with your ex.
That's all it is, right?
Casual rolling?
Can I have my wine?
Fine.
Phillipe and I have started
to see each other again.
For how long?
Since Remi came home
from rehab.
Oh, please don't look at me
that way.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is my disgust showing?
This is why I don't
share things with you.
You are a big
ball of hostility.
No...
I am a dose of reality.
You don't date
your ex-husband.
You discuss your son
with him.
You borrow money from him.
You spend christmas with him.
What you don't do
is let that emotional con man
put you in a position
where he can hurt you.
That was a wonderful speech.
And I can't argue
with any part of it.
But your timing
is unfortunate.
Why?
I think I'm already
falling in love with him again.
Hello?!
Help.
Mister?
Are you okay?
Why do I jog?
It's not good for me.
My God! You're bleeding.
Yeah.
This is the part
when you call the ambulance.
Yes, sir.
Tell 'em to bring something
stronger than codeine.
I was hooked in the '90s.
It does nothing for me anymore.
Oh.
Hello?
Yes. There's this man...
He's hurt.
It's a miracle I found him.
No one told me where he was.
I just happened to be
coming out of my car
at the right moment.
- And then... oh, God.
- Give me the phone.
- He was laying here.
- You wanna give me the phone?
Okay.
Hello? Okay.
I'm in an embankment
off Mulholland
1 mile west of Coldwater.
I'm bleeding and got
several broken bones.
Please hurry.
Oh, what are you doing?
I'm asking God
to keep you alive.
Prayer?
That always works.
You don't believe in God?
I don't know,
but I sure believe in evil.
It was a woman who hit me.
I saw her face
just before she plowed
right into me.
But she didn't stop.
She left me here to die.
I am so sorry.
I hope there is a God.
'Cause that woman is evil,
and I want her punished.
Don't worry.
She will be.
Morning, Carmen.
Hey.
Did you make the coffee?
I'm sorry.
I've been so busy, I forgot.
Oh, no. It's no problem.
I'll just have a soda.
Okay.
Well, it sure has been nice
getting to spend
some time with A.J.
I hardly get to see him.
Does he ever...
Talk about me?
Huh?
I-I only ask because, uh,
he's just so hard to read.
I'm never quite sure how
he feels about me. Oh.
Give him time.
Mm.
You'll find out.
You know, I was thinking of
asking if we could live together.
Then at least I'd get to see him
once in a while.
So he's never talked
about me at all?
You know, we don't really
talk that much.
Of course. You're here to work,
not socialize.
Exactly.
- Would you like some help?
- With what?
Cleaning the kitchen.
I couldn't ask you to do that.
You're a guest here.
Oh, no. It's okay.
I-I love cleaning.
Why?
I find it soothing.
I don't know.
Don't you like to clean?
No.
Then why are you a maid?
I have no good answer
for that.
Thanks.
My therapist says
that my need to clean
is an attempt to impose order
on my chaotic inner life.
But I think I just
like the smell of soap.
You missed a spot.
Oh?
You know, if you want,
I could help clean
the rest of the house.
Are you sure you're gay?
'Cause I could
jump your bones right now.
What can I say?
I just love cleaning.
Well, my mess is your party.
All right.
So Alejandro's never told you
that he's serious about me?
- Sorry.
- That's too bad.
It would just be so much easier
if I were living here.
It sure would.
I looked for you last night,
but you were gone.
Yeah. I had to visit
a friend.
In the middle
of the night?
We had some issues
to discuss.
Did you need me
for something?
Michael and I fought
about Olivia last night.
Why don't you go with him
next time?
To the hospital?
Yeah.
Even if you're
in the waiting room,
you'll be Reminding Michael
that you're on his side.
Before you know it,
he'll be saying, "Olivia who"?
You're so smart.
- Thank you.
- It's my pleasure.
So what were
your friend's issues?
Nothing big.
Marisol?
I tell you everything
about my life,
and you never tell me
anything about yours.
Why is that?
My life... is just
not that interesting.
Now...
If you'll excuse me.
Oh, there you are.
I've been lookin' for you.
Really?
Yeah. During last night's
festivities,
I spilled Merlot
on my shirt,
and it left this huge stain.
Can you get that out?
No.
Really?
You used to be a whiz
with wine stains.
Oh, I can get the stain out.
I choose not to.
I beg your pardon?
Do you really think
I would do anything
to make your stay here easier?
You're not happy
Genevieve and I
are seeing each other.
No. I'm not.
You're worried
that I'll hurt her again.
You're 2-for-2.
Would you believe
that I've changed?
Not you, Mr. leopard.
Your spots are where
they've always been.
Now why do you think
you can talk to me this way?
Because I'm the only one
in this room
Genevieve can trust.
She knows it, I know it,
and you know it.
Genevieve told me
she loved me last night.
And then she asked me if I'd
like to move back in here again.
Now...
Should I tell her that
you asked me not to?
Or would that hurt
your very special relationship?
Go ahead. Move in.
But I still won't do
your laundry.
So... what happened?
I called the ambulance,
and then we went
to the hospital.
Is the man gonna be okay?
His name is Frank.
He's an ad exec
from la Jolla.
And, yes,
he's going to be okay.
Thank God.
He doesn't have any family,
so I told him I'd go visit him
every Friday and Tuesday.
That's nice of you.
It's what human beings do.
They look after each other.
You can stop
shooting daggers at me.
I feel guilty enough
as it is.
Really?
I do.
I feel awful.
And I'm totally happy
to let you visit him.
Let me?
I wasn't asking
your permission.
I realize you're tired,
but you need to can
the attitude.
Are you not paying attention?
You don't tell me
what to do anymore.
It's over.
You're quitting?
Oh, no.
Your baby needs me.
And so does Mr. Spence.
But you and me...
We are done.
I'm sorry.
But I will not allow you
to speak to me that way.
What are you gonna do?
Call the cops?
I'm sorry I didn't call
an ambulance.
But that man could have
sued me or had me arrested.
He could have ruined
my life!
Maybe it needs
to be ruined.
You take it all
for granted.
No, I don't!
You ignore your baby.
You cheat on your husband!
Yes! I make mistakes.
I admit it!
But I don't go out of my way
to hurt people.
I'm a good person!
No! No, you're not!
I am a good person.
And i deserve to be happy.
But I didn't take
what I need
because... I didn't want
to hurt you.
I'm sorry. What?
I know the truth now.
You are bad.
So I won't feel guilty.
And I'm gonna be happy...
Very soon!
Seriously, Rosie,
I don't understand
what you mean.
You will.
God will punish you
for what you've done,
and he will use me
to do it.
You expecting someone?
No.
Hey.
It's Marisol, right?
- Yes.
- Is Mr. Stappord in?
Remi. What are you
doing here?
I got a message
to meet you at your house.
I'm sorry.
Who called you?
Some lady.
She said it was urgent.
I'm... confused.
Let me call my secretary
and see what's going on.
May I help you?
Excuse me?
I only need a minute.
Who are you?
Ida Hayes.
I called this meeting.
Thank you for coming.
I'm sorry,
but why do you think
you can just walk
into someone's home?
I'm an attorney
representing Eddie Suarez...
The man falsely accused
of killing Flora Hernandez.
Well, I doubt
if we can help you.
But you should
make an appointment.
Oh, I think you can help me.
It seems Mr. Delatour here
was the father
of Flora's unborn child.
Whoa! What?
You need to leave now.
Flora was pregnant?
Don't say anything.
Surely you knew.
Isn't that why you killed her?
Oh, my God. Lady, you need
to get out of my house now,
or I will throw you out.
You heard the man.
Come on. Let's go.
What the hell is going on?
Why would someone think
I killed Flora?
Let's just go talk in my office.
Mr. Stappord,
I am so sorry.
I tried to stop that woman
from coming in.
I think you could have
tried harder.
You can't break up
with Scott.
Why not?
Because...
He's a magnificent man
with a selfless heart,
and he's in love with you.
Well, I'm not
in love with him.
But maybe you need time,
Alejandro.
Date him a few more weeks,
at least until
Odessa comes back.
What does Odessa have
to do with...
But my point is that he's nice.
Don't overthink it.
The truth is I'm not sure
if he's in love with me
or my rock star lifestyle.
Why would you say that?
We've barely been dating
two months,
and he's already dropping hints
about moving in here.
I don't deny there are people
in your life
who try to use you
for their own personal gain.
Hmm. I know those vultures,
and they disgust me.
But Scott is not one of them.
He adores you.
So why
is he always criticizing me?
He's helping you
to be a better person.
I like to think
I am a good person.
Well, and I like to think
I don't need any makeup.
But we're
kidding ourselves.
Since when are you
such a fan of Scott's?
Well, I've gotten to know him
these last few days,
and... we've become close.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Then maybe
you can do me a favor.
Favor?
Tell Scott I'm dumping him.
What?
I don't have time
for any drama right now.
Just tell him I moved on.
I can't say that to him.
- Why not?
- Because!
My engh... lishe's not so good.
You just got done telling me
that he's magnificent,
selfless.
You speak great English.
Yeah, I only know enough
to bring people together,
not tear them apart.
look...
I can see that
you really care about Scott.
So... I'm sure you'll find
a way to let him down easy.
There was no one out front.
What do you want,
mr Delatour?
Are you sure
I was the father?
Yes.
Well...
I didn't kill her.
I believe you.
Is there anything else
you can tell me about Flora?
I met her at a party.
She was with Eddie,
but she kept hitting on me.
She got my number
and we hooked up
a couple of times,
but that's it.
She'd call me, but I was...
I was busy with school.
And then I found out
she was dead
and that your client
was arrested,
but that is all I know.
I swear.
Is that why you came
down here...
Just to tell me
you're innocent?
I don't think my lawyer is being
completely honest with me.
I don't think so either.
Did you know
that Flora Hernandez
had been sexually assaulted?
No.
Well, Michael Stappord
was negotiating a settlement
on behalf of her assailant.
For some reason
we don't understand,
Flora felt there was
a connection between
the father of her baby
and the man who attacked her.
Any thoughts you have
will be greatly appreciated.
Did you talk to him?
He's agreed to a settlement.
But only in exchange
for a graceful end
to this situation.
Are you leaving?
Oh, I've got a meeting.
It starts in ten minutes,
and it's in Burbank,
which is 20 minutes away. So...
Well, I'm about to take
a nice, long shower.
And I'm gonna be
thinking about how happy I am
the entire time.
You make getting clean
sound so dirty.
Oh, hi!
I'm Margo Grayson.
- Oh, Phillipe Delatour.
- Oh, good.
I'm from Westside wine imports.
I'm delivering
the cabernet sauvignon
you ordered.
Excuse me?
It's a 2008 Woodridge.
- You have excellent taste.
- Well, thank you.
- But I didn't order any wine.
- Really?
The card says,
"Phillipe Delatour."
Oh, shoot. This might
have been a gift.
And now I've ruined
the surprise.
- It's all right. I won't tell.
- Thank you.
You are very sweet.
So... Margo?
How do you spell that?
With on "o," "o-t,"
uh, "a-u-x"?
"O."
I don't know any Margos
who spell it with an "x."
Well, the most famous
was probably Margaux Hemingway,
and it was spelled that way
because on the night
she was conceived,
her parents consumed an entire
bottle of chateau Margaux.
Wine trivia.
You must be a connoisseur.
Well, yes, I am.
And, uh...
Not just of wine.
I'll bet.
So...
That's my personal number
there, Margo.
Perhaps we can do some...
Business together.
Perhaps.
He gave me his card
just like you said he would.
Thank you for doing this.
It was fun.
And I think I was
pretty convincing.
All you had to be
is pretty.
That's right. I'm pregnant.
Are you saying
my client is the father?
No.
But he knows who is,
and they are very close.
Do you know who
they're talking about?
Remi?
This is important.
I can't help you.
You know something.
I can tell.
How can I know anything?
Everybody always lies
to me.
Marisol, it's me.
Listen...
Michael Stappord is gonna get
a phone call very soon.
Do me a favor
and listen to it, okay?
Hey, Mr. Spence.
It's me.
How is New York?
Oh, really?
I'm so glad.
Listen, I want to talk
to you about something.
You have a second?
When you come back home,
I want us to be together.
No, no, not like before.
I want you to leave your wife.
Your message sounded urgent.
What's going on?
Howard...
I want you to negotiate
something else into my contract.
Another perk?
I want to use
the studio's private jet.
But just for one day.
Why? What's going on?
I have this maid.
I really upset her.
And I want to do
something nice for her.
Like what? You gonna take her
on a little vacation?
I'm going to fly to Mexico
and go get her little boy.
And then I'm going to bring him
back here to America.
That will be
a lovely surprise.
Won't it, tough?
Thank you.
Finally.
Where have you been?
Did you hear about
what happened today?
Do you need me for
anything else, Mr. Stappord?
Uh, hold on.
I'm going into my office.
Yeah, just hold on.
Just be patient.
Yeah, I understand.
What are you doing?
Oh.
I... was checking to see
if Michael
was done with his call.
I need to...
Clean in there, but...
He's still on the phone.
So I'll just...
Oh, hey, Carmen.
Scott.
Did you clean in here last night?
Yeah, I couldn't sleep.
And my choices were either
vacuuming or Ambien.
And then I realized vacuuming
is nature's Ambien.
Ta-da!
So... where's Alejandro?
Oh, he...
He went to work.
Oh.
Without saying good-bye?
I mean...
That's kind of rude.
Scott, sit down.
We need to talk.
You know, I was only in
the shower for five minutes.
He could have waited.
Yeah, listen...
Oh! Oh! Did you see?
I got the wine stain
out of that cushion.
It took me two hours, but it is gone.
Oh, my...
Please don't make this
harder than it needs to be.
Honey, what's wrong?
Alejandro...
He doesn't want
to date you anymore.
What?
He...
He doesn't love you.
But if it's any consolation,
I love you very much.
I-I'm sorry, uh...
Let me see if I understand
what's happening here.
Alejandro is having
his maid break up with me?
I know.
It's a little tacky.
No. No, no. That's not the word
that I would use.
Let's see, how would
I describe this situation?
How about... "Infuriating"?
Scott! Oh, my God!
Or maybe I could call
this whole experience...
I don't know.
Humiliating!
Okay! Okay!
You've made your point.
You have to go now!
No!
No, no, I haven't got it
quite right yet.
Ah! Yes. The word
that best describes
what happened here today
is...
"Unforgivable"!
Do me a favor.
Don't clean any of this up.
I want Alejandro to know
what he did to me today.
Hey! Hey.
What are you doing here?
Going to the movies tonight.
Did you forget?
Oh, my gosh.
I am so sorry.
No worries. Are you okay?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm just...
Dealing with some stuff.
We don't have to go
if you don't feel like it.
Thanks.
I'd probably be better company
some other time anyway.
Remi, Valentina!
Thank God you're here.
What's going on?
Oh, the most exciting thing
ever!
Zoila!
What?!
Get down here!
I'm styling your hair.
You can do that later
after I'm gone.
Come! There's gonna be
an announcement!
Everybody, come!
What's with the champagne?
We are toasting.
To what?
Well, as you all know,
Genevieve and I have been
spending a lot of time
together lately.
And, uh, I've become
increasingly aware
of how empty my life
has been without her.
So...
I asked her to marry me.
And this darling woman...
Girl.
Girl... has agreed
to give me a second chance
of being the happiest man
on earth.
So here's to
love and redemption.
Cheers.
- Cheers!
- Cheer... cheers!
Guys, you have to raise
your glasses and sip.
No.
A toast is a blessing,
and I will not bless that man.
Zoila.
What a thing to say.
No, it's all right,
darling.
Zoila's just
worried about you.
She thinks I'm incapable
of evolving.
What's that?
My friend Margo dropped off
some wine earlier today.
She flirted
with Charles Darwin here,
and he gave her his card
with his private number on it,
just like I knew he would.
Th-this is stupid.
She is spinning
a nothing moment
wildly out of control.
He didn't have the decency
to leave the house
before putting the moves
on another woman.
Why don't you just
shut up?!
Phillipe!
No, I have to say this.
This is my family, not yours.
You are not one of us.
Your inclusion in this event
was merely an act of courtesy
on our part,
and now you've ruined it with
your melodramatic accusation.
If you continue
to disrupt our lives,
we will have to make
a change,
and it will not matter
one iota
that your daughter is doing our son.
Remi!
If there's nothing else?
So...
How are you doing?
It's been rough.
I'll bet.
We're going ahead
with the wedding.
Why?
I love him.
Love someone else.
I have.
Six marriages, countless affairs.
But when I'm alone at night,
he's the one I think about.
He will continue
to cheat on you.
I wouldn't be
the first wife
who learns
to look the other way.
I don't understand you.
Where's your dignity?
What's dignified about
growing old alone?
You are still an extraordinarily
beautiful woman.
There are men who would kill
to be with you.
Not as many as
there used to be.
Sweetheart, I am sorry.
I cannot support this.
Zoila...
You are family to me.
And I need you so much,
but I need him, too.
So please...
Don't make me choose
between the two of you.
How am I supposed
to work for him,
knowing that
he's hurting you?
Just don't care so much.
Don't worry about me.
Just...
Shut up and do my job?
Dr. Baker to C.T.U.
Dr. Baker to C.T.U., please.
So how's Olivia?
Anesthesiologist on duty
to O.R. 1.
Sh-she's better.
Meds are helping.
The, uh, therapist
is working wonders.
I'm so glad.
You'll never know
how much it means to me...
You being here.
I'm your wife.
My job is to support you.
I am sorry it took me so long
to figure that out.
What changed your mind?
I talked to Marisol,
and she straightened me out.
Golly, she's smart.
She really is.
Under the heading
of loyal wife,
there's something
I should tell you.
It may be nothing, but...
What is it?
I caught Marisol
eavesdropping.
What?
Last night, you had
a phone call after dinner,
and she was right outside
your office door.
I'm sure there's a logical
explanation, but...
I thought
I should tell you.
You were right to tell me.
So what should we do?
I want you
to keep an eye on her.
See what she's up to.
And don't let her know
that things have changed.
Well, has something changed?
Oh, yeah. Absolutely.
Are you sure
you don't want any help?
I'm responsible
for this mess.
I'm gonna be the one
to clean it up.
I still think
you should call the police.
And tell them what?
My gay boyfriend
threw a fit?
Well, you could, you know?
No.
I can't.
I'm sorry your life
is so complicated.
Hey.
I'm the one who wanted
to be a star.
And that is a picture of us
at his place in the mountains.
I remember that weekend
like it was five minutes ago.
It was just so...
So magical.
I couldn't believe
that we were falling in love.
Of course we... we weren't.
It was just me.
So...
Alejandro Rubio
is into guys?
People are gonna freak out.
How soon before
the story hits the press?
Almost immediately.
- sync and corrections by Zac -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org